California's upgraded our infrared
headphones to merge the benefits of the
monaural 34b ir headphones with the 35
stereo infrared headphones shown here is
the hir kt1 package which is the
headphone itself coupled with a USB
transmitter headphone can be used in two
different ways
in a mono mode it can be used to receive
the signal from any of the infrared
Calif own media players the 3432 ir
cassette player or the infrared music
maker plus boombox first about the
headphone itself lightweight comfortable
there's a on/off power switch along the
side the stereo and mono switch and the
volume lightweight comfortable plenty
rugged and it has about a 20-foot
reception range from the transmitter be
it on the media player or from the USB
transmitter itself if students will be
using the infrared headphones with a
computer the headphones themselves will
be first need to be switched to the
stereo mode make sure the volume is
turned down initially and then the USB
transmitter should be plugged into the
extender and this should be plugged into
the USB port of the computer once it's
plugged in the computer should
automatically detect and install the
device if using Windows 98 an additional
driver may be required and that can be
downloaded from Califano Muntz that has
been set up and in your audio settings
can
Rolle panel make sure under the
Preferences to select the device to
output the audio will go out through the
USB the transmitter itself should be
aimed towards the students who are
listening with the headphones and there
is no limit to the number of students
who can listen at one time from a single
transmitter because this is infrared
however it is a line-of-sight
transmission so anybody within its
twenty foot transmission range can
listen to the audio provided that the
receiver on the headphone has a clear
line of sight from the transmitter and
also word of caution that infrared can
be disrupted by sunlight so these should
not be used outdoors the infrared
headphones can also be used to receive
wireless signal from the 2395 IR
infrared music-maker plus boombox of
course the Herot the headphones need to
be first turned on you'll see the red
LED light the headphones will go into a
sleep mode if they do not receive a
signal for two minutes and of course the
switch needs to go to the mono setting
you can see the light changes from red
to green when that's done now whatever
you're playing through the infra red
music maker on the rear of the unit is a
switch indicating whether the power
should go or the audio should go out
through the speakers or in this case
through the headphones when that switch
is clicked there will not be any audio
transmitted through the front speakers
of the media player and so that way a
differentiated learning group can take
place in the classroom without
disturbing others the hir hp1 head
phone is available for purchase as a
learning center 6 headphones with the
infrared music maker plus an additional
headphones can be purchased separately
of course if it's receiving only from
the boombox the USB extender does not
need to be purchased for more
information visit California or consult
your authorized California seller